Which one, I opened my eyes,
Where are the people who bully me here?
No, it’s him,
You can perform well for many more years.
Miss, you wait,
Your parents, who are the CEOs of which group?
I have raised you up to be such a protective character.
Mr. Gu, my family has been bankrupt for a long time.
Now that the family is dead, without a father, he will become a loser. If Wang has no money, how can he catch up with something?
Bullying Qian Xiaoqian
Just bully me
Let's go. You still have a few bullies who are bullying you.
Bully young people with small money and talk about it
My cell phone is not popular with others.
You better not be too different
My mobile phone
But it is interoperable with Qianyin
Look at me
And if you look at the money seal, it’s different. Who do you think? Please verify it.
Do you know it? Please verify it.
Who are you asking for approval?
I am the fiancée who is seeking approval
Don't listen to his nonsense
He is the most reasonable person to tell the truth
You also know how to rub and change it for me
I'm not afraid. I'm just explaining to the young lady that I can't hear you. I'm sorry.
Stop it now and just worry about it
I'll give you all, Miss Ye.
Don't call me Miss Ye, I can't bear it
From now on, those in Kunxing will do less work.
Finally, I feel guilty about being a thief
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little